c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\chuck\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Chuck\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Chuck\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Chuck\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Chuck\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
